EDU-757: Update Certificate Info in Docs (#2187)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud-context/certificates-requirements.md

### End-entity certificates

An end-entity certificate is a type of X.509v3 certificate used by clients to authenticate themselves.

> Temporal Cloud allows you to [limit access to specific end-entity certificates](/cloud-context/certificates-filters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal Cloud lets you limit access to specific end-entity certificates by using [certificate filters](/cloud-context/certificates-filters).
```
